Add Ubuntu 20.04 support (#75)
smartdevicelink/sdl_overview_guides: docs/Supported Platforms/index.md

#### Ubuntu

> Core can currently be built using Ubuntu 16, 18 and 20. Ubuntu 20 is the main supported platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core currently officially supports Ubuntu versions 16.04, 18.04 and 20.04. Ubuntu 20.04 is the main supported platform of the project.
```
